---
date: '2024-12-02T10:08:58+01:00'
title: 'Here we go again'
tags:
- "games"
---
I've been journaling daily for about 10 years and, even in the privacy of my notebook, it's been incredibly effective at taming the beast inside my head. Sometimes, though, I feel the urge to write something public and share it with the void.

Recently, the urge returned: I've been fixating on ways to cooperate differently, especially in the game industry, and I had to get it out of my system. My previous attempt at a blog was retired at the time, so I went for the fastest way to publish anything: a newsletter platform. I wrote two articles, and then the emails flooded in. *"Grow your audience fast with fastaudiencegrowth"*, *"Subscribe to our premium platform and win your subscribers' weight in gold."*  

Begone, devil! The void is my audience, and it shall not grow!  

So, I dug back out my old blog, dusted it off, and published it again. I migrated the two articles and reclaimed my digital ownership! I even kept my old posts from 2022 — though I wouldn’t recommend diving too deep into them.  
> I was lucky to have my roots in websites because I always understood the value of building my own online spaces, and hosting everything that mattered to me on my own sites.   
> — <cite>[Nathalie Lawhead](https://www.nathalielawhead.com/candybox/positive-feedback-loops-the-power-of-choice-digital-independence-and-building-something-better-for-everyone)</cite>

I have always value my digital independence, and I self-host a lot of services. I also believe that, as long as you control the source material, not everything needs to be *strictly* self-hosted. For example, this blog is a static site hosted on github pages and, even if github stop offering the service, I can move it somewhere else without loosing anything.  

Aside from that, I've been playing through my backlog a lot lately:
- I've finished Portal Stories: Mel, a nice story for people wanting more Portal.
- I've played a couple of chapters of Black Mesa, astonishing work!
- I enjoyed Tinyfolks a lot. It's a tiny, more forgiving, Darkest Dungeon.
- Clickholding: this one I can't say anything about, you'd have to see it for yourself.
- And lastly, I've just started DREDGE, but I love it already :)

Tinyfolks especially motivated me to start working on a tiny game - we'll see were it leads!  

Until then, have a nice week and see you next time!