---
date: '2024-12-13'
title: 'When life gives you lemons'
tags:
- "life"
- "gamedev"
---
[Don't make lemonade](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CM-CIvMEqUs).

I'm scared.

I'm an independent developer in the video game industry, and my current project is slowly wrapping up. I have enough savings to cover about 10 months of expenses, which might sound like a lot to some.
But this looming uncertainty — distant as it may be — keeps me up at night. I am deeply worried about not being able to provide for my family, so I've sent out resume everywhere... and I got a job offer.  
After hundreds of applications, tens of interviews, I got a job offer.

It's an interesting technical subject, even if it's not in the game industry. It's a 15 minute ride from where I live, the culture seems really chill... but there's a catch:  

**no remote work**.  

I've been fully remote since 2018, and it allowed me to spend more time with my daughters, work on side projects, and even have the space to feel not-so-great from time to time.
I'm not sure if I can handle a fully in-office job anymore.

Let's do a pros/cons list!

Pros:
- A stable job - Less money anxiety for me and my family
- Working in one of the most advanced field in computer science
- Literally 15 minutes away from my home
- Flexible working hours

Cons:
- A stable job - I really like the *free* part of freelancer
- Not in the game industry
- No remote work
- No remote work — not even a little
- No remote work — not at all
- No remote work — **NONE**

WELL, looks like there's more cons 🙂

The thing is, I would love to have a bit of a break, to get time to work on my game engine and release some games made with it, maybe stream the process a bit?
I'll need to summon the courage to stay unemployed though.  

That's it, I'm not caving, I'm not taking the job.

I am not scared anymore.  
I will stay free, for now.